[docs] Add docker run gpu note (#15566)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/installation.rst

what Ray uses internally for its Object Store). The ``-t`` and ``-i`` options here are required to support
interactive use of the container.

> If you use GPU version Docker image, remember add ``--gpus all`` option. Replace ``<ray-version>`` for your target ray version in the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a GPU version Docker image, remember to add ``--gpus all`` option. Replace ``<ray-version>`` with your target ray version in the following command:
```
